README.md, before:


To setup this project:

download repo to local directory (example: users/default/project/bitify)

using cmd, change directory to project directory and run
```
npm install
```

afterwards run app with
```
npm start
```
# Current state:
Currently, saving the image with the filter applied does not work. Working on a fix to push asap!!!

# GOAL:
## Client Side Dithering in a Browser for creatives

While learning more about git and react, I chose to create a tool for a friend making games requiring 1-bit sprites created from other images. The goal of this project is to offer a quick and easy to use tool that applies a very specific dithering effect to any and all images that can then be downloaded for use. Client Side Dithering means no use of data, and should a user opt to setup this tool as a localhost application, no internet connection is required afterwards either!

The dithering shader used in this project was made by paper-design. [Visit their github](https://github.com/paper-design/shaders).

## Usage

This React App is meant for direct client side creation and saving of a 1-bit stylized version of any image as a .bmp.

The use of this application is 100% free

## Legal 

See LICENSE file for usage.

Commit message:

Revise README with setup and bug fix information
Updated project setup instructions and current state details.

README.md, after:


To setup this project:

download repo to local directory (example: users/default/project/bitify)

using cmd, change directory to project directory and run
```
npm install
```

afterwards run app with
```
npm start
```
# Current state:
Saving the image via the download button only downloads the original image. Looking into bug fixes. Currently, Right clicking and copying the image to clipboard is the only work around.

# GOAL:
## Client Side Dithering in a Browser for creatives

While learning more about git and react, I chose to create a tool for a friend making games requiring 1-bit sprites created from other images. The goal of this project is to offer a quick and easy to use tool that applies a very specific dithering effect to any and all images that can then be downloaded for use. Client Side Dithering means no use of data, and should a user opt to setup this tool as a localhost application, no internet connection is required afterwards either!

The dithering shader used in this project was made by paper-design. [Visit their github](https://github.com/paper-design/shaders).

## Usage

This React App is meant for direct client side creation and saving of a 1-bit stylized version of any image as a .bmp.

The use of this application is 100% free

## Legal 

See LICENSE file for usage.
